okay now plants Rikku i bladezz Mickey
so this is Riku versus Mickey and Ricky
compete Sarah
Mickey anyone's ass Yeah right the
badass whatever on that last match I
think retour be Riku Yeah right okay
let's do this
fire
Wow he's fire again
yeah you might tell there go whatever
it's yeah I tried to slow you miss me
Wow haha win Owens win
oh yeah
now we could have been good come up
yeah
I know you know
well back at you big these my own work
worth to me my own sake need to get to
me missus with him
alright that's it you can stop me
yeah take this myth ow
heart miss huh I missed huh yeah you man
that's scary I thought I was dead why I
kicked your ass no there